Where are Teide National Park and Garajonay National Park located?
Canary Islands, Spain
Spain

What occupation do Chris Menges and Aram Avakian share?
director
film director

Josey Scott and Ian Watkins were both promising musicians. Which of these talented men was incarcerated, impacting his career with a rock band?
Lostprophets disbanded in 2013 after Watkins was charged with sexual offences in late 2012.
Ian David Karslake Watkins (born 30 July 1977) is a Welsh singer

Which case came first, Craig v. Boren or United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc.?
Craig v. Boren
United States v. Paramount Pictures

In what city can a person find both the Nusretiye Clock Tower and the Eski Imaret Mosque be found?
Istanbul, Turkey
Istanbul

Which dog is considered a giant dog breed, the  Leonberger or the Basset Hound?
The Leonberger is a giant dog breed.
Leonberger

Which novelist, J. G. Farrell or Louis Aragon, wrote of the political and human consequences of his country's colonial rule?
Farrell
James Gordon Farrell

What type of media does Bitter Jester and Sicko have in common?
documentary
documentary film

Who was born first, José Echegaray y Eizaguirre or P. J. O'Rourke?
José Echegaray y Eizaguirre
José Echegaray

Which magazine is older, Gallery or Dime Magazine?
arose on the "Playboy" magazine pattern in the 1970s.
Dime Magazine

which writer has the highest number of skill  Langston Hughes or  Ian McEwan
Langston Hughes
James Mercer Langston Hughes

Which battle occurred first, the Battle of Manila or the Battle of Guam?
Battle of Guam
Battle of Manila

What type of film are both "500 Years Later" and "Manson"?
documentary
documentary film

José Saramago and Ivo Andrić were recipients of what award in Literature?
Nobel Prize in Literature
Nobel Prize

Woman's Era and Naj are what kind of magazines?
fortnightly women interest magazine
magazine

Which band formed in England, Of Montreal or Vib Gyor?
Vib Gyor was a band that was formed in Leeds, England.
Vib Gyor

What are both James Hetfield and Bob Marley?
musician, singer, and songwriter
musician

Which canal, Miami Canal or Dundee Canal, also supplies hydro-power and water for manufacturing?
Dundee Canal
Miami Canal

Which film came out first, Still Kicking: Six Artistic Women of Project Arts & Longevity or Time Bombs?
Still Kicking: Six Artistic Women of Project Arts & Longevity
Still Kicking

What type of music were vocalists Billie Joe Armstrong and Frank Iero involved with?
punk rock
rock

 Which 1970's film was released first, Charley and the Angel or The Boatniks?
The Boatniks is a 1970 American comedy film starring Robert Morse, Stefanie Powers, Don Ameche and Phil Silvers.
The Boatniks

Temagami-Lorrain Mine and Burwash Mine were both mines created during the early 1900s; which one yielded a 16-ton bulk sample of gold ore in 1935?
Burwash Mine
Barton Mine

Who currently has more store locations? Bearno's or Patxi's Chicago Pizza?
Bearno's Pizza
Bearno's

Which battle lasted longer, Battle of Hürtgen Forest or Battle of Pusan Perimeter?
Battle of Hürtgen Forest
Battle of Pusan Perimeter

Which is larger, Garajonay National Park or Guadarrama National Park?
Sierra de Guadarrama National Park
Garajonay National Park

Psychopsis and Aubrieta are both genuses of which type of plants?
flowering plants
flowering

What was the career that Sidney Lumet and Albert Ward share in common?
screenwriter
director, producer and screenwriter

Liaocheng and Shayang County are both located in which country?
China
People's Republic of China

Name three best sellers from Arthur Hailey that were released before Donna Tartt was born.
Hotel" (1965), "Airport" (1968), "Wheels" (1971)
Hotel"

How many more singles titles did Kim Warwick win than Jorge Lozano?
three singles titles
three

Which airport Grand Forks International Airport or El Paso International Airport is closer to their town ?
El Paso International Airport
Grand Forks International Airport

Which US Supreme court case involved a waiver of right to counsel Planned Parenthood v. Casey or Montejo v. Louisiana?
Montejo v. Louisiana
Planned Parenthood v. Casey

Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier:and Herbie Rides Again were both by which company?
Disney
Walt Disney

When was the earliest film of High School and The Thorn in the Heart shot?
1968
April 1968

Who was born first D. Ross Lederman or Stefan Ruzowitzky?
David Ross Lederman
D. Ross Lederman

Which famous mine was in service first, the Salmita Mine or the Kanichee Mine?
Kanichee Mine
Salmita Mine

Who won more awards, Brothers Quay or Jake Kasdan?
Brothers Quay
Brothers Quay </t>Stephen and Timothy Quay

Both Phaedranassa and Mitella are considered the classification of what level of species?
genus
genus of flowering plants

Cherie Currie and Steve Augeri were both what?
American musician
musician

Radio shack made a line of computers in the 1980's which was marketed as the TRS-80 Color Computer or the Interact Home Computer?
TRS-80 Color Computer
The Radio Shack TRS-80 Color Computer (also marketed as the Tandy Color Computer

Which University was founded earlier, Pennsylvania State University or Queen's University?
Queen's University
Pennsylvania State University

What career did Markus Feehily and Bobby Fuller have in common?
songwriter
singer and songwriter

What type of writing did both Richard Harding Davis and Harry Stephen Keeler write?
fiction
journalist and writer of fiction

Who is younger, Billy Idol or Ray Wilson?
Raymond Wilson
Ray Wilson

Which university was founded first, University of California, Berkeley or Saint Louis University?
Saint Louis University
University of California, Berkeley

Q1: Which mountain is located in China, Kirat Chuli or Kangpenqing?
Kangpenqing (also Gang Benchhen) is a mountain in the Baiku Himalayas of Tibet, China.
Kangpenqing

What mine was operated by Royal Oak Mines at at earlier date, Kemess Mine or Colomac Mine?
The Colomac Mine
Kemess Mine

Who is a poet, Rumi or Farouk El-Baz?
Rumi (30 September 1207 – 17 December 1273), was a 13th-century Persian Sunni Muslim poet
Rumi

What professionn does Stanley Kwan and Ken Hughes have in common?
director
film director

Which battle, the Battle of Cold Harbor, or the Second Battle of Bull Run, was fought first?
Second Battle of Bull Run
Battle of Cold Harbor

Which airport is located further north in the United States, San Angelo Regional Airport or Grand Junction Regional Airport?
Grand Junction Regional Airport
San Angelo Regional Airport

In between Hymenosporum and Agrostemma which one is closely related to the widespread genus Pittosporum?
Hymenosporum flavum
Hymenosporum

What profession does John Landis and Gore Verbinski have in common?
director
film director

What film studio produced both National Treasure and The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes?
Walt Disney Pictures
Walt Disney Productions

Which film was directed by Wayne Coles-Janess, Tender Fictions or Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight?
Bougainville
Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight

What land elevation does Khunyang Chhish and Ismoil Somoni Peak have in common?
mountain
7400m mountain

Which park is further south within Spain, Picos de Europa National Park or Timanfaya National Park?
Timanfaya National Park
Picos de Europa National Park

J. Searle Dawley and Ken Annakin were both directors of what?
Kenneth Cooper "Ken" Annakin, OBE (10 August 1914 – 22 April 2009) was a prolific English film director.
American director

Both José Aponte de la Torre Airport and Boulder City Municipal Airport are classified as what type of airport?
public use airport
public

What job do both Alfred Santell and David Fincher have in common?
director
film director

Which case was brought to court first Miller v. California or Gates v. Collier ?
Miller v. California
Gates v. Collier

Zakk Wylde and Damon Albarn are both what?
singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist
singer, songwriter

Sum 41 and Passion Pit have what in common?
Passion Pit is an American indietronica band
band

Which American Director doubled as a choreographer also, Stanley Kubrick or Kenny Ortega?
Kenneth John "Kenny" Ortega (born April 18, 1950) is an American producer, director, and choreographer.
Kenneth John "Kenny" Ortega

Which 18th-century canal was longer, the Sandy and Beaver Canal in Ohio or New Jersey's Morris Canal?
Morris Canal
The Sandy and Beaver Canal

Zhangye and Nan'an, Fujian are both located where?
People's Republic of China
China

which university was founded first Duke University or Tufts University?
Duke University
Tufts University

 Both Vitas Gerulaitis and Heather Watson play what sport?
tennis player
tennis

Which occupations did Ralph Smart and Trey Parker have in common?
producer, director, and writer
actor, animator, writer, director, producer, singer, and songwriter

Which airport is closer to the Atlantic ocean: Wilmington International Airport, or Texarkana Regional Airport?
Wilmington International Airport
Texarkana Regional Airport

Which filmmaker is considered a pioneer, Herschell Gordon Lewis or Leah Meyerhoff?
Herschell Gordon Lewis was a pioneer
Herschell Gordon Lewis

who has written more than 100 books, Yaşar Kemal or Avram Noam Chomsky?
Avram Noam Chomsky
Noam Chomsky </t>Avram Noam Chomsky

Between Danny Elfman and Fran Healy who has worked in more diverse fields?
Elfman
Daniel Robert Elfman

In which city are Anadoluhisarı and Church of St. Mary of Blachernae both located?
Istanbul
Istanbul, Turkey

Who was born more recently, Billy Corgan or Jeff Martin?
"Billy" Corgan
William Patrick "Billy" Corgan Jr.

Of Mehran University of Engineering and Technology or University of Debrecen which is in Pakistan?
Mehran University of Engineering and Technology
University of Debrecen

Securinega and Zamioculcas are both examples of what?
genus of plants
plants

 Which attack resulted with the formal surrender of German forces, the Battle of Guam or the Spring 1945 offensive in Italy?
The Spring 1945 offensive in Italy
The Spring 1945 offensive

Which of the case was held in a higher ranking court, South Dakota v. Dole or Rogers v. Okin?
South Dakota v. Dole
Rogers v. Okin

Willi Forst and Brian Robbins are both what?
actor, screenwriter, film director, film producer
film director

To what group of plants do both Dieffenbachia and Carlina belong?
flowering plants
flowering

Was California State University, Dominguez Hills founded before or after Pacific Lutheran University?
Pacific Lutheran University (PLU), founded by Norwegian Lutheran pioneers in 1890
Pacific Lutheran University

Who was born first, Juan Rulfo or John le Carré?
Juan Rulfo
Juan Nepomuceno Carlos Pérez Rulfo

Who was born first, Karen Joy Fowler or Bruce Chatwin?
Bruce Chatwin
Bruce Chatwin </t>Charles Bruce Chatwin

Who has a wider scope of profession, Hrag Vartanian or Hovsep Pushman?
Hrag Vartanian
Hovsep Vartanian

Which is located in Cornwall, Southwell Minster or Truro Cathedral?
The Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Truro
Truro Cathedral

What animal does Mahratta Greyhound and Tibetan Spaniel have in common?
dog
Pug.<t> Sussex Spaniel </t>The Sussex Spaniel is a breed of dog

Which director was from a country closer to Canada, J. Searle Dawley or Lionel Ngakane?
James Searle Dawley
J. Searle Dawley

Who wrote more fictional works, Jim Thompson or Theodore H. White?
Thompson
James Myers Thompson

Renáta Tomanová and Larisa Neiland are former professional athletes for what sport?
professional tennis
tennis

Which musician was born first, Constantine Orbelian or Lili Chookasian?
Lili Chookasian
Lili Ilse Elvenes

Which airport, Salt Lake City International Airport or Brainerd Lakes Regional Airport, serves as a commercial airline and is closest to it's respective downtown city?
Brainerd Lakes Regional Airport
Salt Lake City International Airport

Was either Craig Melville or Grover Jones born in Indiana?
Jones was born in Rosedale, Indiana
Grover Jones

Which lake is located further south, Dal Lake or Waterton Lake?
Dal Lake
Waterton Lake

Which magazine was founded first, Allure or Genre?
Allure is an American women’s beauty magazine
Allure

Is Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport or Grand Forks International Airport closer to the town it is near?
Grand Forks International Airport
Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport

Is Muskegon County Airport or John Wayne Airport further west?
John Wayne Airport
Muskegon County Airport

Which long-established US university is older: University of California, Berkeley or Syracuse University?
University of California, Berkeley
Syracuse University

In which sport does both Virginia Ruzici and Andy Murray participate?
professional tennis player
tennis

Which restaurant chain is based further south, Pizza Fusion or Imo's Pizza?
Pizza Fusion
Imo's Pizza

What industry does Edgar Selwyn and Chantal Akerman work in?
theater and film
film

Which beverage is ignited prior to consumption, Flaming beverage or Blue Hawaii
Flaming beverages
Flaming beverage

Which airport is used for both public and military, Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport or Louisville International Airport?
Louisville International Airport
Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport

Tom Araya and Marcus Mumford were both what?
musician
singer, songwriter, musician

Who was born first Garo Yepremian or Michael Casey ?
"Garo" Yepremian
Garabed Sarkis "Garo" Yepremian

Of these two publication--Báiki and Sick--what type of publication is the one that was published most frequently? 
satirical-humor magazine
magazine

Blank Check and Air Bud are both examples of what type of movie?
American comedy
comedy film

Which battle took place first out of the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River and the Battle of Tarawa?
The Battle of Tarawa
Third Battle of Seoul

Did Qionghai or Suining  have a population of 658,798 in 2002? 
In 2002, Suining had a population of 658,798.
Suining

What was the profession of Cate Shortland and Sidney Franklin?
film director
film's director

Who would you be more worried about playing a chess game against, Marcel Duchamp or Jiang Wen
Duchamp
Henri-Robert-Marcel Duchamp

What occupations do both Ian Hunter and Rob Thomas have?
singer, songwriter
musician and songwriter

What is the main difference between Aloinopsis and Washingtonia?
genus
genus of ice plants

What country are both Dafeng District and Jixi in?
China
People's Republic of China

The rock band Sugar Ray began as a funk metal band, while the band Das Damen was considered what?
alternative rock
alternative

Taylor Momsen and Craig Mabbitt from Escape the Fate have what in common?
lead singer
singer-songwriter and recording artist. He is the lead vocalist

Steve Denton and Albert Costa are both tennis players, which one began playing at the age if five?
Costa
Albert Costa

What do Victor Salva and Emilio Fernández have in common?
director and screenwriter.
film director

Which Persian historical figure was an astronomer, Al-Karaji or Ahmad Nahavandi? 
Ahmad
Ahmad ibn Muhammad al-Nahawandi

Was the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower [Met Life Tower] or the 15 Hudson Yards building designed by the firm of Napoleon LeBrun & Sons?
The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower </t>The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower

Which university has more schools, Ateneo de Davao University or University of Rochester?
Ateneo de Davao University
University of Rochester

What are the professions of Tom Johnston and Daryl Palumbo?
American musician
musician

Is Baiyin or Xinghua, Jiangsu a county-level city?
Xinghua () is a county-level city
xinghua

San Marco and Medina are both what type of game?
board
board game

What type of games are both Sector 41 and Enchanted Forest?
board
board game

What property do the films Sweet Crude and Tunisian Victory share?
documentary
documentary film

Between Valparaiso University and Old Dominion University, which institution has higher student enrollment?
Old Dominion University
Valparaiso University

Who was born first, Maurice Ravel or William Walton?
Maurice Ravel
Maurice Ravel </t>Joseph Maurice Ravel

Which continent have a distribution of both the Ternstroemia and Cussonia genus of plants? 
Africa
South Africa

What was both John Cheever and Laura Ingalls Wilder occupations?
American writer
writer

Which pizza shop opened first, Toppers Pizza or America's Incredible Pizza Company?
Toppers Pizza
America's Incredible Pizza Company

What type of movies are 101 Dalmatians and G-Force?
American family comedy adventure
comedy adventure film

Rimo I and Passu Sar are both part of which mountain range?
Karakoram mountain range
Karakoram

What studio helped produce both Return to Never Land and McFarland, USA?
Walt Disney Pictures
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures

Did the Beaulieu Mine or the McIntyre Mines yield gold and copper?
The McIntyre also yielded a considerable amount of copper
The McIntyre mine

Who won more awards, Frank Sinatra or Nivek Ogre?
Frank Sinatra
Francis Albert Sinatra

What ingredient is in both Cosmopolitan and Cuba Libre?
lime
cranberry juice, and freshly squeezed or sweetened lime juice

Which college is located in the United States, University of Delaware of University of Debrecen?
University of Delaware
College Park, Delaware

Who passed away first Robert Graves or Dino Buzzati ?
Dino Buzzati-Traverso
Dino Buzzati

What family are the genus' Sinofranchetia and Stauntonia from?
a genus of flowering plant in the Lardizabalaceae family
Lardizabalaceae family

Name three common things that are used in playing Monopoly and King of Tokyo?
dice, cards, and boards
dice

Which director, Christopher Guest or Elem Klimov, is known for writing, directing and starring in his movies?
Christopher Guest
Christopher Haden-Guest

Between Mike Muir and Paul Di'Anno, who has worked with more bands?
Muir
Michael Allen "Mike" Muir

Welcome to Nollywood and Out of the Shadow are both what?
documentary film
documentary

Arbutus and Aspidistra are what types of plants?
flowering plants
flowering

Casino and Culto A La Vida are cocktails, one of which contains Havana Club 7 and what else?
It features Havana Club 7 Añejo Rum and Cranberry juice
Cranberry juice

Which mine first entered into production, Beaulieu Mine or Con Mine?
Con Mine
Beaulieu Mine

Is Rutgers University or Brown University public?
Rutgers University
Brown University

What type of group does Roses Are Red and Sleeping with Sirens have in common?
rock band
band

Which was founded first, University of California, Santa Barbara or Hamdard University?
University of California, Santa Barbara
Santa Barbara

Which airport Pago Pago International Airport or Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport is closer to the central business district of their local community ?
Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport
Pago Pago International Airport

What type of community does Bob Hope Airport and Boeing Field have in common?
public
public airport

Who was born first, Antonin Artaud or  Elizabeth Taylor?
Antonin Artaud
Antoine Marie Joseph Artaud

Which jobs do Jeff Tremaine and Keanu Reeves share?
director, producer
film director

